Implement a complete Boy/Girl character selection system in the existing “Make your hero” onboarding screen.

IMPORTANT:
This feature is being added to the existing project for the first time. Do not break or replace the existing onboarding flow, styling, navigation, or current customization logic.

REFERENCE:
Use the uploaded reference image only as the visual/design reference for the Boy/Girl selection area and overall “Make your hero” screen.

1. CHARACTER TYPE SELECTION
Add a clear character selection section near the top of “Make your hero”:

[ Boy ]    [ Girl ]

Show two attractive cartoon avatar preview cards:
- Boy avatar
- Girl avatar

The currently selected character must have a clear active/selected state.
The unselected character should remain visually available but slightly less emphasized.

Default:
- Keep Boy selected initially so the existing behavior remains unchanged.

2. BOY SELECTION
When the user selects “Boy”:
- Show the boy avatar in the main preview.
- All customization controls should work for the boy.
- Look options should apply to the boy.
- Skin tone should change the boy's skin tone.
- Hair options should show/use boy-appropriate hair styles.
- Clothes should update the boy's clothing.
- Extras should be applied to the boy.
- Backpack, glasses, cap, scarf, star badge, etc. should work normally.
- The selected boy configuration must persist while navigating between onboarding steps.

3. GIRL SELECTION
When the user selects “Girl”:
- Replace the main avatar preview with the girl avatar.
- Do NOT simply recolor or modify the boy.
- Use a proper female cartoon avatar/character.
- The girl's customization must be independent from the boy's customization.

For Girl:
- Skin tone → applies to girl.
- Hair → show female-appropriate hairstyles such as:
  Short, Curly, Braids, Ponytail, Bun
- Clothes → provide suitable options such as:
  T-shirt, Kurti, Kameez, Hoodie, Dress
- Extras → glasses, cap, star badge, scarf, flower, backpack, etc.
- The girl should retain the same Nyaya Nagri visual identity and cartoon style as the boy.

4. INDEPENDENT CUSTOMIZATION STATE
Maintain separate customization state for Boy and Girl.

Example:
boyCustomization = {...}
girlCustomization = {...}

If the user:
Boy → customizes → switches to Girl → customizes → switches back to Boy,

the Boy must return with his previous customization intact.

Do NOT reset the Boy when switching to Girl.
Do NOT reset the Girl when switching back to Boy.

5. MAIN HERO PREVIEW
The large hero preview must dynamically reflect:
- Selected gender/character
- Skin tone
- Hair
- Clothes
- Extras

The preview must update immediately when an option is selected.

Do not use stretched images.
Maintain the original character aspect ratio.
Use object-fit: contain where appropriate.

6. DATA MODEL
Keep the selected character and customization in a clean structured state, for example:

selectedCharacter: "boy" | "girl"

boyCustomization: {
  look,
  skinTone,
  hair,
  clothes,
  extras,
  nickname
}

girlCustomization: {
  look,
  skinTone,
  hair,
  clothes,
  extras,
  nickname
}

Use the existing project's state-management approach if one already exists. Do not introduce unnecessary new libraries.

7. NICKNAME
The nickname field should work for both Boy and Girl.
The nickname is a game name, NOT a real name.
Keep the existing validation and behavior.

8. NEXT BUTTON
When the user clicks Next:
- Save the selected character type.
- Save the complete customization of the selected character.
- Continue through the existing onboarding flow exactly as before.

The rest of the application should be able to access which character was selected and that character's customization.

9. UI / DESIGN
Match the uploaded reference image closely:
- Same bright Nyaya Nagri visual language.
- Same cream/gold/blue/orange palette.
- Rounded character selection cards.
- Clean spacing.
- Child-friendly but professional.
- No dark theme.
- No futuristic/cyberpunk styling.
- No unnecessary animations.

Do NOT redesign the entire page.
Only extend the existing “Make your hero” screen with the Boy/Girl functionality and make the existing customization controls gender-aware.

10. RESPONSIVE BEHAVIOR
The screen must work properly on laptop/desktop view.
Do not introduce horizontal scrolling.
Keep the main hero preview and customization panel properly aligned.

11. IMPORTANT IMPLEMENTATION RULE
Do not hard-code the UI so that Boy works and Girl is only visual.

Both characters must be fully functional:
Boy → complete customization
Girl → complete customization

Every customization option must update the correct selected character.

Before finishing, test this exact flow:

Boy selected
→ change skin tone
→ change hair
→ change clothes
→ add extras
→ switch to Girl
→ customize Girl differently
→ switch back to Boy
→ verify Boy customization is still preserved
→ switch back to Girl
→ verify Girl customization is still preserved
→ click Next
→ verify the selected character and customization are correctly saved.

Do not modify unrelated pages or existing functionality.